{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green2\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c25279\c100000;\csgray\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{box\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9643 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18960\viewh16380\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2  
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs28 \cb3 Hi, my name is Ada.\
\
\
[dude in wheelchair]\
\
A little while ago, my mom and I were in my neighborhood and we saw a guy 
\f0\b zooming
\f1\b0  down the 
\f0\b road
\f1\b0  in a wheelchair. \
\
After I saw him, I wondered why he was going down a 
\f0\b busy
\f1\b0  road 
\f0\b instead
\f1\b0  of a sidewalk. \
\
So, a few days later we were going to a bakery in town, and we were walking over all kinds of 
\f0\b annoying
\f1\b0  stuff like long stretches of gravel. \
\
Then, we had to wait a 
\f0\b super long
\f1\b0  time at a light. \
\
After five minutes of 
\f0\b waiting
\f1\b0  we noticed that the crosswalk light 
\f0\b didn't work
\f1\b0 . \
\
When we finally arrived at the bakery, I 
\f0\b realized
\f1\b0  why the guy in the wheelchair was on the road: it was 
\f0\b better
\f1\b0  than the 
\f0\b sidewalks
\f1\b0 .\
\
And then, a short time after that I signed up for this competition and was 
\f0\b brainstorming
\f1\b0  for ideas to put in my map. \
\
And I thought of the dude in the wheelchair,\
 and all of the annoying breaks in the sidewalk we passed over,\
 and I thought it would be a good idea to make a map of them.\
\
Then, my family and I walked around town a bit and I was really 
\f0\b surprised
\f1\b0  at how many places we came across where there were some 
\f0\b hard places
\f1\b0  to walk around. \
\
[open map: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.arcgis.com/apps/mapviewer/index.html?webmap=1572433d7bb341c4b72aa95cfdc97aff"}}{\fldrslt https://www.arcgis.com/apps/mapviewer/index.html?webmap=1572433d7bb341c4b72aa95cfdc97aff}}]\
\
(show hazards and points of interest)\
So, along with the hazards, I plotted some places you might want to visit - just to show that there are hazards that 
\f0\b actually
\f1\b0  get in your way, and aren't where people wouldn't walk anyway.\
\
(take off points of interest show \'93Route\'94)\
And just to get some perspective, let\'92s look at an example.\
\
Say a college student wants to walk from their apartment to the bakery.\
\
They would end up walking over 7 places where it would be kinda hard to walk, looks like there\'92s some \
\
\
\'93unsafe crossing\'94s, indicated on the map by yellow triangles, \
\
\
 and some \'93sidewalk problems\'94, indicated on the map by some red triangles\
\
(show \'93Route2\'94)\
\
And if they wanted to walk to the park after that, they would pass over 6 more places.\
\
\
[explain how you made the map]\
\
This might not look like a lot of data, and I didn\'92t even collect data over the whole city, but I can say I collected all of this data myself. So how did I do it, exactly?\
\
Well, once I got some photos, I had to get a location, somehow. My dad told me that photos that you take have a location if you have GPS enabled on your phone, so I looked up how to get location data from photos. After I completely stole someone else\'92s code, I found another code snippet to steal that writes data to a CSV file. After I spent a while being puzzled over why I couldn\'92t get location data, I realized that when you resize photos, all of the location data gets stripped away. Then I  added comments and tags to the CSV file, and added that to my map.\
\
\
[possible next steps]\
\
I\'92ve realized that just making a map isn\'92t going to change anything, and that this competition is a good way to get started on something bigger. Here are three things I came up with that I could do next:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.    First, I could take this project to the local Rotary Club. Why the Rotary Club? Recently they made a wheelchair accessible playground and put a bridge over the stream in Founders Park, so they\'92ll care about making sidewalks more accessible.\
2.    Send this to the City Government, and hope they do something about it\
3.    SeeClickFix ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://seeclickfix.com"}}{\fldrslt https://seeclickfix.com}}) is a website that allows people to make complaints about anything that is bothering them in their city. It uses a map interface. Their only problem is that they don\'92t have a very user friendly interface, so either I could make my own sort of problem reporting app, or ask the people who made SeeClickFix to update it to get location data from a photo.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
If anyone needs to resize any photos or get location data in code, you can go to my github page, (i put the link in the chat: https://github.com/apzzd/Dangerous_Places), and you\'92re welcome to steal from me in turn.\
\
If you have any questions or recommendations to improve this, feel free to post them in the chat and I\'92ll address them the best I can.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
}